Set connecttimeout with user option (Fixes #318) (#321)
tidyverse/ellmer: NEWS.md

# ellmer (development version)

> * All providers now allow for up to 60s for the connection phase to take. You can
>   increase this with, e.g., `option(ellmer_connecttimeout_s = 120)` (#318, @CorradoLanera).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All providers now allow for up to 60s for the underlying curl connection
  phase, alongside the existing 60s timeout. Some providers are known to time
  out on complex queries early otherwise. You can increase this with, e.g.,
  `option(ellmer_connecttimeout_s = 120)` (#318, @CorradoLanera).
```
